2022/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /about/
redirect_from: "/2022/about"
layout: egsr-default
title: This is
year: 2022
---
<!--<p><i>Due to the developing COVID-19 situation, we have pushed back the research papers abstract deadline to Monday April 13 and the paper submission deadline to April 17.<br>
Furthermore, this year’s EGSR will take place completely virtually. We are currently evaluating available options for remote attendance and the format and details for this are still being worked out. Authors of accepted papers this year will be asked to present their work remotely. We encourage authors to submit work to EGSR despite the altered circumstances of a virtual EGSR meeting.</i></p>
Please see the <a href="/faq">EGSR 2020 FAQ</a> for information about COVID-19 and changes to the conference this year.-->

<!-- ### Eurographics Symposium on Rendering
 The 31st edition of Eurographics Symposium on Rendering will be held virtually from June 30th to July 3rd, 2020. EGSR 2020 is being jointly organized by the <a href='https://wp.doc.ic.ac.uk/rgi/'>Realistic Graphics and Imaging group</a> at Imperial College and the <a href='http://vecg.cs.ucl.ac.uk/'>Virtual Environments and Computer Graphics group</a> at University College London (UCL). EGSR will be preceded by the 8th annual Workshop on Material Appearance Modeling (MAM) on June 29th, which will also be held virtually. -->

Commit message:

changes to submission and contact details

2022/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /about/
redirect_from: "/2022/about"
layout: egsr-default
title: About us
year: 2022
---

The Symposium is organised by members of the [Centre for Secure, Intelligent and Usable Systems](https://www.brighton.ac.uk/csius), at the University of Brighton in collaboration with the University of Salerno.

If you would like to be involved either as organiser, or sponsor please contact Karina Rodriguez [K.Rodriguez@brighton.ac.uk](mailto:K.Rodriguez@brighton.ac.uk?subject=ODAK%20Event%20Enquiry)

### Contact us
Contact the [Centre for Secure, Intelligent and Usable Systems](https://www.brighton.ac.uk/csius) regarding the event, research collaboration, news and other events: [csius@brighton.ac.uk](mailto:CSIUS@brighton.ac.uk?subject=ODAK%20CSIUS%20Enquiry)


<!--<p><i>Due to the developing COVID-19 situation, we have pushed back the research papers abstract deadline to Monday April 13 and the paper submission deadline to April 17.<br>
Furthermore, this year’s EGSR will take place completely virtually. We are currently evaluating available options for remote attendance and the format and details for this are still being worked out. Authors of accepted papers this year will be asked to present their work remotely. We encourage authors to submit work to EGSR despite the altered circumstances of a virtual EGSR meeting.</i></p>
Please see the <a href="/faq">EGSR 2020 FAQ</a> for information about COVID-19 and changes to the conference this year.-->

<!-- ### Eurographics Symposium on Rendering
 The 31st edition of Eurographics Symposium on Rendering will be held virtually from June 30th to July 3rd, 2020. EGSR 2020 is being jointly organized by the <a href='https://wp.doc.ic.ac.uk/rgi/'>Realistic Graphics and Imaging group</a> at Imperial College and the <a href='http://vecg.cs.ucl.ac.uk/'>Virtual Environments and Computer Graphics group</a> at University College London (UCL). EGSR will be preceded by the 8th annual Workshop on Material Appearance Modeling (MAM) on June 29th, which will also be held virtually. -->
